Normalize Intl constructor options representation: number related (#28596)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/pluralrules/pluralrules/index.md

### Parameters

- `locales` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A string with a BCP 47 language tag or an {{jsxref("Intl.Locale")}} instance, or an array of such locale identifiers. For the general form and interpretation of the `locales` argument, see [the parameter description on the `Intl` main page](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl#locales_argument).
- `options` {{optional_inline}}

  - : An object containing the following properties, in the order they are retrieved (all of them are optional):

    - `localeMatcher`
      - : The locale matching algorithm to use. Possible values are `"lookup"` and `"best fit"`; the default is `"best fit"`. For information about this option, see [Locale identification and negotiation](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl#locale_identification_and_negotiation).
    - `type`
      - : The type to use. Possible values are:
        - `"cardinal"` (default)
          - : For cardinal numbers (referring to the quantity of things).
        - `"ordinal"`
          - : For ordinal number (referring to the ordering or ranking of things, e.g. "1st", "2nd", "3rd" in English).

>     `Intl.PluralRules` also supports the [digit options](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/NumberFormat/NumberFormat#digit_options) of `Intl.NumberFormat()`. Read the `Intl.NumberFormat` page for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Intl.PluralRules` also supports the `Intl.NumberFormat()` [digit options](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/NumberFormat/NumberFormat#digit_options) (see `Intl.NumberFormat()` for details):
```
